c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.exe.config
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.exe
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.pdb
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceLibrary.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibrary.dll
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceLibrary.pdb
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\obj\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\obj\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.exe
c:\users\gunjan\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MoviesLibraryExercise.Console\MoviesLibraryExercise.ServiceConsoleHost\obj\Debug\MoviesLibraryExercise.ConsoleServiceHost.pdb
